README.md, before:

# Microsoft Azure Notification Hubs

Azure Notification Hubs provide an easy-to-use, multiplatform, scaled-out push infrastructure that enables you to send mobile push notifications from any backend (in the cloud or on-premises) to any mobile platform. To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/services/notification-hubs).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Notification Hubs, you can get started by following our tutorials to push notifications to your [iOS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/notification-hubs-ios-get-started/), [Android apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/notification-hubs-android-get-started/), and [Windows Universal apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/notification-hubs-windows-store-dotnet-get-started/).

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios.git

## Useful Resources

* [Samples](https://github.com/azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/tree/master/Samples/) in [Objective-C](https://github.com/azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/tree/master/Samples/Objective-C/)
* Tutorials and product overview are available at [Microsoft Azure Notification Hubs Developer Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/services/notification-hubs).
* Our product team actively monitors the [Notification Hubs Developer Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/notificationhubs/) to assist you with any troubles.

## Contribute Code or Provide Feedback

If you would like to become an active contributor to this project please follow the instructions provided in [Microsoft Azure Projects Contribution Guidelines](http://azure.github.com/guidelines.html).

If you encounter any bugs with the library please file an issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/issues) section of the project.

Commit message:

feat(readme): add contributing guide

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Azure Notification Hubs SDK for iOS

Azure Notification Hubs provide an easy-to-use, multiplatform, scaled-out push infrastructure that enables you to send mobile push notifications from any backend (in the cloud or on-premises) to any mobile platform. To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/services/notification-hubs).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Notification Hubs, you can get started by following our tutorials to push notifications to your [iOS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/notification-hubs-ios-get-started/).

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios.git

## Useful Resources

* [Samples](https://github.com/azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/tree/master/Samples/) in [Objective-C](https://github.com/azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/tree/master/Samples/Objective-C/) and [Swift](https://github.com/Azure/azure-notificationhubs-ios/tree/master/Samples/Swift)
* Tutorials and product overview are available at [Microsoft Azure Notification Hubs Developer Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/services/notification-hubs).
* Our product team actively monitors the [Notification Hubs Developer Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/notificationhubs/) to assist you with any troubles.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
